EC-240: Search revision (#27)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/search/extending_search/indexing_file_content.md

In order to extend the indexer for files you have to extend the `Ibexa\Platform\Commerce\FieldTypes\FieldType\BinaryFile\SearchField` service.

The `getIndexData(Field $field, FieldDefinition $fieldDefinition)` returns an array of `\eZ\Publish\SPI\Search\Field` objects.

This object is created with the following parameters:

- `name` - a name that is used to build the Solr field name.
- `data` - the data to be indexed.
- Solr field type - you can use any Solr field type. In the PDF example you index the data both as FullTextField and as TextField.

``` php
$parentData = parent::getIndexData($field, $fieldDefinition);

> // Return the data that is coming from Apache Tika

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Return the data that comes from Apache Tika
```
